>> Scott Moss: So
let's get onto the good part.
So this is it, there's no more lessons for
the rest of today.
The rest of the time, I just wanna
show you some of the resources and
things that I've been working with,
and things to look forward to.
And then just open it up for
any questions about what you may
be doing with Serverless and
some of the stuff I might have talked
about today that I said I'll get to later.
Just remind me.
So some of the things I wanted to see is,
basically just like.
Actually this one is really cool.
So Cloudcraft, if you need to
put together some AWS diagrams,
this one is really cool.
Basically it allows you to either
connect to your AWS account.
And it will pull in resources that are
connected and draw diagrams for you, or
you can put them together.
It will also tell you how much these
things cost on a monthly, weekly,
whatever, basis, so it's really cool.
And it's really great for
just showing diagrams.
So yeah,
I recommend using this if you need to
show infrastructure diagrams for AWS.
It pretty much knows everything,
especially if you login
with your AWS account.
It's provisioning everything.
So it's really cool.
Another one is basically,
remember I said connecting to
database in Lambda is like painful.
That's because it is.
[COUGH] Unless you're using like
Diamond DB which make sense,
cuz that's Amazon's database.
But that's also because
the rise of Serverless has created
what's called Serverless databases.
So if you were to type in Serverless
databases, you would get so much stuff.
The first one you would see,
wow, Amazon took over that fast.
Okay, this just launched.
Amazon Aurora, which is basically like
an auto scaling SQL database basically.
They already had Aurora,
now they have Aurora Serverless,
which is, it spins up the database and
only charges you when you access it,
whereas a regular Aurora
is always running.
Aurora is like their SQL post
[INAUDIBLE] base database system, so
now they have a Serverless version
of it which is really cool.
So this ties into the Serverless model.
And I even have to manage this database.
And I'm pretty sure this one's
like available globally and
pretty much all that stuff.
So definitely check this one out.
Pretty easy.
You can see it's like 0.06 cents for
a one ACU, which is an ACU is like
every time you hit the database, so yeah.
Check that out.
Another one you might see is, there's so
much stuff on here.
>> Scott Moss: Actually,
I'm just gonna type in.
I thought it would show up on Google,
but it's not.
So faunadv is a new one,
start up out of San Francisco.
Just recently raised some dough, so
they're trying to do exciting things.
But this one is a global
transactional NoSQL database.
And what makes these databases Serverless
is that you don't manage their connection,
you're actually just access them
over HTTP, kinda like an API.
That's how you access it, but
it's not so raw in low levels on API,
they have SDKs that you
can integrate with.
But at the end of the day, those SDKs
are just calling HTTP based APIs.
So that's why they're Serverless,
because you don't manage a connection, and
you can spin up databases and
close down databases or whatever you want.
The sweet thing about Fauna is that
it's as easy to make a new database as it
is to make a post request to a to-do app.
So that means,
before you might have thought about the
trade offs of multi-tenant systems where
you have a system where you have this data
provision across different customers.
But provisioning a new database for every
single customer is really expensive and
tedious, so you just don't do it.
And you stick with multi-tenant
within the database, but
putting a customer ID on everything.
But with Fauna,
you can just put up a new database,
because you don't get charged
unless you use it anyway.
So everybody gets their own database and
then you just need like
one database that manages the database
names of everybody else's database.
So it's pretty cool.
You can do stuff like that now whereas
before that was really tough to do.
You'd have to manage all those databases
and have to provision them and
your application probably
wouldn't be self-served,
because people would have to wait
until the databases get spun up, and
stuff like that, well,
I was like it's just on the fly.
So pretty cool,
how we're gonna check them out.
There's a learning curve to their syntax,
but it seems to be pretty legit.
Another one which I think
is very promising is
Azure's Cosmo DB which
is also pretty new too.
This one I really like,
because it's a DB that's globally
distributed and it's a multi-model.
Basically it's SQL, no SQL,
and Graph at the same time.
And you can pick which model you want.
And because of that transitioning over
to this database is really seamless.
So if you have a Mongo DB actually
you can transition over to
Azure Cosmo DB without
changing any of your code.
You can still use the same Mongos if you
want and just connect to this database.
And that will just work.
And so it's actually pretty seamless, and
the sweet thing about it is
that is globally distributed.
So that's really good if we're gonna be
doing globally distributed apps using
Lambda.